# 2-3. Page

## HomePage

The implementation of the `HomePage` created in the `get_home` handler function is as follows:

https://github.com/mnitta220/microservices-demo-rust/blob/c118a963d364d92a782bfb81efb30262b0c825ef/src/frontend/src/pages/home_page.rs#L1-L43

The definition of the `HomePage` struct spans from line 6 to line 9. It holds the `props` and `page` attributes.

The `new` function on line 12 is responsible for creating an instance of this struct.  
Lines 13 to 28 handle the generation of `Props`.

On line 31, an instance of the `Page` struct is created.

Line 34 generates an instance of the `HomeBody` struct, which is then assigned to the `body` of the `page` on line 35.

## Props

The `Props` struct holds the properties of screens and components.  
The implementation is as follows:

https://github.com/mnitta220/microservices-demo-rust/blob/c118a963d364d92a782bfb81efb30262b0c825ef/src/frontend/src/pages/page.rs#L11-L41

The definition of the `Props` struct is unique across all screens, but each screen requires different information. Some items, like `session_id`, are used across all screens, while others are optional depending on the screen and are represented as `Option` types. For optional items, only the relevant ones are set, and the unused ones remain `None`.  
For example, in the `HomePage`, only `currency_codes`, `cart`, and `hot_products` are necessary, so those are the only ones set.  
In the `write` method of the `Component`, a reference to `Props` is passed.

## Page struct

The `write` function of the `Page` struct handles the screen output.

https://github.com/mnitta220/microservices-demo-rust/blob/c118a963d364d92a782bfb81efb30262b0c825ef/src/frontend/src/pages/page.rs#L43-L74

The `write` function outputs the HTML to a string called `buf` on line 59.

```rust
const PAGE_BUFFER_SIZE: usize = 20_000;
// --snip--
let mut buf = String::with_capacity(PAGE_BUFFER_SIZE);
```

Allocate a buffer with a capacity of 20,000 bytes in `buf`. Then, sequentially output HTML tags to it using `buf.push_str(...)`.  
The `Page` struct has `head` and `body` components, and their respective `write` functions output &lt;head&gt; and &lt;body&gt; tags.

<table style="width: 90%; margin-top: 20px;">
<tr>
<td style="text-align: left"><a href="./2-2.handler.md">&lt;&nbsp;2-2. Handler</a></td>
<td></td>
<td style="text-align: right"><a href="./2-4.model.md">2-4. Model&nbsp;&gt;</a></td>
</tr>
</table>
